to charge us on the mother who gave birth
age because you really are
asking many of you how
I can get to enter the web as
I'm trying how I'm selling the
things I'm really trying
answer everyone I know you are
having problems to enter the web
but next I will expose how I enter
I am very simple that I know there
a lot of people and even though once
enter or so this puts you that you are
seeing right now we're sorry dad and
if they want to exist after returning to
try spirals or just stop
the side web re- sit the
next day and neither does it leave you so
again and show us how I come in and is
very simple really is for them from
uploading a real image where where
I'm trying to enter huelva and that
it puts loading and it puts me we feel that
this what happens to the whole world
simply by hitting the f 5 it returns to
load and we will put back what
same so continuously until what
do two or three four or five
sometimes maybe 15 but really at
end of so much insist let us enter
we make a hole in the server is
where are we going to be able to work another
where will we be able to put our
consumables and once you get to
enter you can not enter or recommend
that you do not leave that you try to be there and
you leave the browser open what
you want because if not really
the same will happen again
Continuously as you can see I have about 4 or 5
times and it definitely seems that you live
it does not work to continue giving it
try it continuously and I tell you at
final will end up coming in I have two
accounts in one let me in a lot
before the other as serving is in
the one of the depor and here it seems that it costs a
little more to enter but the other my
I do not know if it's because I have more
consumables I have more money or soil
enter more then the second goes the third
let me in here you are seeing now that
I enter perfectly with 178,000 coins
the account of the sport as I told you
so you will not worry
solve all your doubts
I really made this video super quickie
to be able to solve the most before
possible because I know that you this end
of the week there are many consumables that
sell so once again here we are
trying to help you all and I like that
that as always I say goodbye this time
I'll tell you, I hope you will
answers comments because really
the only thing I hope is to solve
your doubts so we'll see you in the
next video kids